## Getting Started

To run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## My Approach

In this project, my goal was to create something as quickly as possible that would work and be somewhat visually appealing.

To that end, I utilized v0 from vercel, for creating a number of the components. This is an AI generator that takes in a prompt and returns react code on top of radix-ui. This also relies a lot on tailwind-css, which is a library I'm not generally a fan of using, but for this use case, I figured it would be good for speed. If I were to refactor this I would use scss modules with a number of more modern css tools like layers, extensive use of custom properties, the :has selector and much more.

## Structure

I tried to keep the code as simple as possible, easy to maintain, and therefore easy as possible to understand.

My folder structure is as follows:
src

-   components - reusable components
    -   Component/ - keeping each component in its own folder allows for easier management of sub-components, non-shared utils, hooks, css modules, etc.
-   api - for storing graphql queries and mutations
-   lib - this was generated by v0 and is for tailwind. Once tailwind is removed this can be removed
-   utils - shared utility functions
-   app - this is for routing and the main app component

In the future a hooks/ or types/ folder may be added for shared types and hooks. I also would consider moving my stocks/hooks file to the api dir.

## Performance

I have tried to utilize some components as server components and keep a clear separation between client and server components so the least amount of code is sent to the client. This could be improved, but is something I would need to read up one since I don't have as much experience with using server components with graphql.

In the future I would also rely upon css for some of the style changes on state changes instead of using javascript.

## Considerations

I have somewhat neglected error handling in this current approach, but I would like to add it in the future.

A number of the packages could surely be removed and replaced with local implementations, but I wanted to keep the code as simple as possible and create a product quickly.
